So now, we're going to look at this with more detail because what's going on is we're
actually going to use a Stack to help us track what doors we visited.
Again, we're starting at the root node.
So we visit it, we checked if it has a left child,
and because it does, we add B to the stack,
and now we're here, and also we visit B.
So now, we check if B has a left child, and it does.
So we add D to the Stack.
Once we get to D, we also visit it,
and then we check if has a left child.
No. Right child, no.
So now what happens is,
we're done with D, we're actually going to pop it off the Stack.
So you can see D is going to disappear now from the Stack.
Now we have B, we check if it has a right child, no.
So actually, we're done with B,
and we're going to pop B off the Stack.
Now we're back at A in the root node,
we're going to check if it as a right child, and it does.
So now, we're going to add C to the Stack.
When we get to C, we're going to visit it.
So now, the visit order is A, B, D,
and then C. Now,
we check for C's left child,
no, right child, no.
That means we're done with node C,
and we can pop it off the stack.
Now we're at A, we've already visited A left subtree and right subtree,
so we pop it off the stack as well.
Great. So now, we've visited all the nodes.